yo its sway sway sway sway sway sway
sway in the morning in the morning in
the morning in the morning in the
morning in the morning only on shade 45
like fashionistas you know in this
generation that you you take look at and
go wow she has it like anybody that
stands out like you got the Nicki
Minaj's and you got yeah I really like
girls that kind of do their own thing
that inspire the designers I think Aaron
Watson is really just a chic very
original girl she's got her own thing
going on and and I think she inspires a
lot of designers and a lot of the looks
like girls like that that kind of just
do their own thing like happy I think
got our own stuff charity event t-shirt
from the gap right now you have your
clothing line as well desi
Daisy for winter yeah that calls yeah
and so everybody could wear your clothes
everybody I've got on special sizes I
have Plus Sizes petite mm-hm
and you know it's really affordable I
have great pieces and I how that go from
day tonight from the office to the
weekend so you know it's it's the
fashion is what I give you and style is
how you put it together so I definitely
give you some great pieces to really mix
and match and then make it fun and I
feel it's it's a line that's really for
every girl there's something in there
for everyone see what I like about Daisy
is she wasn't just a face in front of
the screen there's there's a business a
conglomerate minded person from Revlon
days even do you sell M&M I did emanate
sway she has her own wig line as well
Jesus yeah you know what it is I was
never motivated by money and I always
felt very very lucky to have the
opportunities that I had like to fall
into empty MTV I was doing cable when
cable was seriously just a box yeah you
know
so I've always felt very lucky very
fortunate to have the opportunities that
I had so I kind of just went with it and
everything that was presented to me I
took it one step at a time it was never
about oh I need to have a brand that I
need to brand myself there was none of
that back then there was no crossover I
was doing my thing in Spanish and in
English and the word crossover wasn't
even around yet Wow
so I guess I wasn't intimidated by it
all and I that was never my motivation
to be either the most famous girl or the
richest girl or whatever I kind of just
wanted to go with it so when you take
one day at a time to enjoy all the
blessings that come your way
and really get it one at a time that I
think everything just falls into place
Daisy Fuentes ladies and gentlemen like
I'm about to spread a little dirt but
who cares the nice thing about you is
that we mentioned that we were all at
MTV at one point another sway is still
there you I've seen you around and
you've always seemed very approachable
and I thought was nice because I'll tell
you something that Cindy Crawford was a
bitch we well tell us why we come back
you're Cuban American I was born in Cuba
raised in Spain and Jersey wow that's a
lot of sauce in your food I do cook yeah
so you got another side of you that
would not say this morning great had to
be you know Daisy from many things
including houses style it was a time
when you at MTV and everybody was there
everybody was then I would go back and
forth to MTV for different things and
shows at meetings but I remember in
particular Cindy Crawford we were
walking the red carpet at the MTV Video
Music was the entire cast of real world
and we were so excited to meet her so
producer Randolph it was like Cindy the
kids from the real world wanna it'd be
interviewed by your media she said no oh
no no and just did this nasty stink face
I promise you I threw Tic Tacs Atta and
candy and everything out on the red
carpet some of it was sticking out I've
I liked her never spoken to her never
talked to her since then I do not
she was just stinking and when you're
that young and excited to meet people I
never thought she was a good example of
house of style because I think part of
being stylish no matter what you have
one is a good personality and I always
appreciated that about you I was looking
at her face and she's not busy she was
just trying to keep those lips together
and that sucking that gut when she was
doing the whole dress boom
plus your Cindy Crawford okay Daisy